README.md, before:

# Kubernetes cluster
A vagrant script for setting up a Kubernetes cluster using Kubeadm

## Pre-requisites

 * **[Vagrant 2.1.4+](https://www.vagrantup.com)**
 * **[Virtualbox 5.2.18+](https://www.virtualbox.org)**

## How to Run

Execute the following vagrant command to start a new Kubernetes cluster, this will start one master and two nodes:

```
vagrant up
```

You can also start invidual machines by vagrant up k8s-head, vagrant up k8s-node-1 and vagrant up k8s-node-2

If more than two nodes are required, you can edit the servers array in the Vagrantfile

```
servers = [
    {
        :name => "k8s-node-3",
        :type => "node",
        :box => "ubuntu/xenial64",
        :box_version => "20180831.0.0",
        :eth1 => "192.168.205.13",
        :mem => "2048",
        :cpu => "2"
    }
]
 ```

As you can see above, you can also configure IP address, memory and CPU in the servers array. 

## Clean-up

Execute the following command to remove the virtual machines created for the Kubernetes cluster.
```
vagrant destroy -f
```

You can destroy individual machines by vagrant destroy k8s-node-1 -f

## Licensing

[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0).

Commit message:

Installed helm, Added Specific K8's version and release.

README.md, after:

# Kubernetes cluster
A vagrant script for setting up a Kubernetes cluster using Kubeadm

## Pre-requisites

 * **[Vagrant 2.1.4+](https://www.vagrantup.com)**
 * **[Virtualbox 5.2.18+](https://www.virtualbox.org)**

## How to Run

Execute the following vagrant command to start a new Kubernetes cluster, this will start one master and two nodes:

```
vagrant up
```

You can also start invidual machines by vagrant up k8s-head, vagrant up k8s-node-1 and vagrant up k8s-node-2

If more than two nodes are required, you can edit the servers array in the Vagrantfile

```
servers = [
    {
        :name => "k8s-node-3",
        :type => "node",
        :box => "ubuntu/xenial64",
        :box_version => "20180831.0.0",
        :k8s_version => "1.15.0-00",
        :k8s_release => "stable-1.15",
        :eth1 => "192.168.205.13",
        :mem => "2048",
        :cpu => "2"
    }
]
 ```

As you can see above, you can also configure IP address, memory, CPU and K8's Release and Version in the servers array. 

The Current Configuration installs K8's version v1.15.0-00, and it can be changed accordingly.  

## Clean-up

Execute the following command to remove the virtual machines created for the Kubernetes cluster.
```
vagrant destroy -f
```

You can destroy individual machines by vagrant destroy k8s-node-1 -f

## Licensing

[Apache License, Version 2.0](http://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0).
